Oh my God! It speaks!
Rolling your eyes isn’t gonna help find your brain.
You are the reason this country puts directions on shampoo bottles.
It whistles, doesn’t it? Your head when the wind blows.
I was going to make a joke about you but I see life beat me to the punch.
You are as useless as the “ueue” in queue.
I’m not saying you’re ugly, but if I throw a stick, you fetch the b*stard and bring it back.
Whoever told you to be yourself, gave you bad advice
You act like how I would think vomit would act if it could.
I thought of you today, and it reminded me to take out the trash.
I’d give you a nasty look, but you already got one.
I'm not an astronomer, but I am pretty sure the world revolves around the sun, not you.
You and I go way back, and you’ve always been annoying. I mean, you even used to make your happy meal cry.
It’s not that you’re annoying; it’s just that I’d liken you to the human version of period cramps.
Are you done with all of this drama? Because I need an intermission.
I apologize for doing anything that made you believe I care about how you feel.
Most mistakes can be fixed; you are the exception that proves the rule.
Everyone can act foolish once, but you are violating that privilege.
If you’re offended by my opinion, you should hear the ones I keep to myself.
You remind me of a cloud; my day becomes much brighter when you disappear.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet.
If your mum got given one piece of bad advice, it was not to swallow.
You're like the human version of an athlete's foot; annoying and hard to get rid of.
Looking at you reminded me to take my contraception. I can’t risk giving birth to someone that ugly.
I’m trying to come up with an insult that’s stupid enough for you to understand, so give me a moment.
You're talking to me; I thought you only talked behind my back.
I've seen you before, but I'm sure I had to pay for admission last time.
I am not a proctologist but I know an a**hole when I see one.
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?
Your face is the same as a restraining order. It makes people stay away.
Your secrets are always safe with me because I never even listen when you tell me them.
I do hate you, I am sure God does too.
So a thought crossed your mind? That must have been a long and lonely journey for you.
I pray you meet your downfall in a pitfall.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
When I look at you, I wonder where you have been all my life… Would you mind returning there?
I’m sorry that my brutal honesty inconvenienced your ego.
Do you think this hurts my feelings? The only thing that hurts is my eyes when I'm looking at you.
Watching you attempt to use all of your vocabularies in a single statement is funny.
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
Why don't you go play in traffic?
I never forget a person’s face, but I’ll be happy to make an exception in your situation.
You should carry a plant around to replace the oxygen you waste.
Some people are like slinkies. They are not good for much, but they bring a smile to your face when pushed down the stairs.
The only reason I go with you everywhere is that I’d rather do that than kiss your ugly face goodbye.
I thought I had the flu, but then I realized your face makes me sick to my stomach.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than what you said.
I forgot that the rest of the world revolves around you. How foolish of me; my apologies.
When I see your face, the only thing I would change is the direction I was heading to.
I would punch you, but I don’t want to improve the appearance of your face.
Accidents happen; the proof is sitting right there.
Is that the brain you use when crossing the road?
You look like something that shouldn’t be seen before midnight.
If your brain was put on a fish, it would swim backward.
You look like a rejected omen.
Why are you built like a question mark?
If my life were a movie, you’d be an annoying extra.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
At least my friends aren’t imaginary like your social life.
The only way you'd get hurt from exercising would be if you sprained your finger changing the channel.
If confidence is key, you must be the whole keychain.
You are proof God has a sense of humor.
I’d say bless your heart but that’d be too kind.
You look like something that came out of a slow cooker.
I think I found your purpose in life. It is to be an organ donor.
You have an entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?
I’m sorry I upset you by calling you a h*e. I was unaware that it was a secret.
Amazingly, you don't allow your knowledge to stand in the way of stupidity.
Don’t attempt to think too much. Your stupidity might injure your brain.
Your parents really must have been happily married before they had you.
Mirrors can’t talk. Lucky for you, they can’t laugh either.
I know people put you down, but I think you will go far personally, and I hope you stay there.
Don’t make throw a stick and make you fetch.
I am not ignoring you. I am simply giving you time to reflect on what an idiot you are.
I keep thinking you can't get any dumber, and you keep proving me wrong.
I'd be broke if I had a dollar for every time you said something smart.
If I wanted a b*tch, I would buy a dog.
I apologize if my forced apology sounded fake; I’ll work to improve it the next time.
Don’t hate me because I’m beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
I'm not insulting you; I'm describing you.
Your bad personality is the reason I prefer animals to humans.
You are so unattractive that your reflection tries to walk away when you glance in the mirror.
I'm not saying you're ugly, but nobody wants to sleep with you because they don't want to be prosecuted for animal abuse.
Even though it might appear like I'm paying attention to you, I simply imagine duct tape across your lips.
It’s not that I don’t listen to you when you talk. It’s just that there is only so much stupid information I can process in one go.
You’re like the first slice of bread in a loaf. You get touched by everybody but wanted by none.
I believe you can achieve anything. Look around you; there are remarkably dumb people everywhere who you could aspire to be.
It seems your face caught fire, and somebody attempted to stop it with a hammer.
Feed your own ego. I’m busy.
Why don’t you slip into something more comfortable, like a coma?
I’m not stating you’re stupid, but a glow stick has a better future than you have.
It must be fun to wake up each morning knowing that you are that much closer to achieving your dreams of complete and utter mediocrity.
You just might be why the middle finger was invented in the first place.
You are evidence that evolution can go backwards.
There’s somebody out there for everybody. For you, it’s a psychiatrist.
If I had a face like yours, I would sue my parents.
You have no idea how much joy you may spread just by leaving the room.
I don't know if I should insult or congratulate you for saying something without drooling.
It's kind of sad what happened to your face...Oh wait, that's how it has always looked?
Sometimes it's better to keep your lips shut and make people think you're ignorant than to open them and clear all doubt.
I’ve heard a smarter statement come out in a fart.
Hold still. I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
I don't hate you, but I would give you a high five if you drowned.
Someday, you'll go far. And I hope you stay there.
It’s impossible to underestimate you.
I look at you and think, "Two billion years of evolution, for this?
Don’t let your mind wander, it’s too small to be let out by itself.
Somewhere out there is a tree tirelessly producing oxygen for you. You owe it an apology.
If you ran like your mouth you would be in good shape.
Don’t stand too close to the heater, plastic melts.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t get my head that far up my a**.
I don’t know what your problem is but I am guessing it’s hard to pronounce.
When I see your face, there’s not a single thing I would change, except the direction I was walking.
You’re so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye.
The only way you will get a partner is if you go on Love is Blind.
Your fashion sense is quite a mystery, did you get dressed in a state of emergency?
When you were born, the doctors probably threw you out of the window, and the window threw you back.
You are like a software update. Whenever I see you, I immediately think, "not now."
You have a face that would make onions cry.
I am jealous of all the people that have never met you.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You deserve a high five in the face, with a chair.
I would roast you but my mom said I am not allowed to burn trash.
I don’t hate you but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Don’t be ashamed of who you are, that’s your parent's job.
Wow, you’re dumber than you look.
Do your parents even realize they are living proof that two wrongs don’t make a right?
I’d rather do nothing all day, but I see you’ve already perfected that!
You’re so clumsy, you could trip over wireless network.
Your birth certificate should be written as a letter of apology.
I don’t have the patience nor crayons to explain this to you.
This will be the first and last roast of the night, as we’ve already used up your entire vocabulary.
You have a face that would make onions cry.
I look at you and think, "Two billion years of evolution, for this?"
I consider you my sun. Now please get 93 million miles away from here.
You're not simply a drama queen/king. You're the whole royal family.
I was thinking about you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
You are the human version of cramps.
You haven't changed since the last time I saw you. You really should.
Oh, sorry, did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
Don't worry, the first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest.
I love what you've done with your hair. How'd you get it to come out of your nose like that?
I never forget a person’s face, but I’ll be happy to make an exception in your situation.
Were you born this dumb, or did you have to take lessons?
Have a nice day...elsewhere.
If you were any more inbred, you'd be a sandwich
Every time I have a stick in my hand, you start to look more and more like a piñata.
Everyone is allowed to act stupid once in a while, but you’re really abusing the privilege.
Let's play horse. I'll be the front, and you can be yourself.
I didn't mean to offend you, but I'll take the additional perk.
You’re not pretty enough to have such an ugly personality.
You just might be why the middle finger was invented in the first place.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm not feeling a connection.
If I was on a deserted island with you and a tin of corned beef, I’d rather eat you and talk to the corned beef.
Oh, you’re talking to me? I thought you only did that behind my back.
I'd smack you, but I'm against animal abuse.
I don't dislike you, but if you were drowning, I'd give you a high-five.
It's hilarious how you try to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
I don't want to rain on your parade! I'd rather summon a typhoon.
Did you know your incubator had tinted windows? That explains a lot.
You can't imagine how much happiness you can bring…by leaving the room.
When I see you coming, I get pre-annoyed. I figure it’s smart to give myself a head start.
If I had a dollar every time you shut up, I would give it back as a thank you.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth.
You're the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo bottles.
You're so annoying, you could make a Happy Meal cry.
"I'm not saying you're ugly, but if you were a scarecrow, birds would avoid you."
You should really come with a warning label.
Honey, the only thing bothering me is placed between your ears.
Earth is full. Go somewhere else.
The people who tolerate you daily are the real heroes.
I told my therapist about you. She didn't believe me.
Somewhere tree is producing oxygen for you. I’m sorry for it.
How many licks 'till I get to the interesting part of this conversation?
Why are you rolling your eyes? Looking for your brain?
You must have a Ph.D. in stupidology.
You are like a software update. Every time I see you, I immediately think, "Not now."
All mistakes are fixable—except for you.
You’re the reason the divorce rate is so high.
Let me tell you. If I don’t answer you the first time, what makes you think the next 25 will work?
I gave out all my trophies a while ago, but here’s a participation award.
A glowstick has a brighter future than you.
It’s sad what happened to your face. Oh wait, that’s how it's always looked?
I'm listening. I just need a minute to process so much stupid information at once.
When I look at you, I think to myself where have you been my whole life? And can you go back there?
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
I would agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
It would be a great day if you accidentally used a glue stick instead of a Chapstick.
I bet I could remove 90 percent of your good looks with a moist towelette.
You're so fake, even Barbie is jealous.
I suggest you do a little soul-searching – you may actually find one.
I know I make a lot of stupid choices, but hanging out with you was the worst of them all.
Stupidity isn’t a crime, so you’re free to go.
It must be fun to wake up each morning knowing that you are that much closer to achieving your dreams of complete and utter mediocrity.
The truth will set you free: you're the worst. Okay, you're free to go.
You remind me of the end pieces of a loaf of bread—nobody wants you.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to stupid people. You're much worse than that.
It's a parent's job to raise their children right. So looking at you, it's obvious that yours quit after just one day.
You're like a grey sprinkle in a Funfetti cake.
You look like a "before" photo.
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail.
Do your parents realize they’re living proof that two wrongs don’t make a right?
Hurting you is the last thing I want to do, but it's still on the list.
You're like the human version of athlete's foot—annoying and hard to get rid of.
Oops, my bad. I could've sworn I was dealing with an adult.
You're the reason gene pools need lifeguards.
You're like a grey cloud. It's a beautiful day when you disappear.
I've seen clowns like you before, but I always had to pay an admission fee.
Grab a straw because you suck.
I like the way you comb your hair. It's impressive how you're able to hide the horns.
Good story, but in what chapter do you shut up?
You need a kiss on the neck from an alligator.
It's too bad you can't photoshop your ugly personality.
Give me a minute. I'm trying to think of an insult simple enough for you to understand!
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn’t be enough to blow your hat off.
Congrats on being the top of the bell curve.
I really hope you don't homeschool your kids.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
Please just tell me you don’t plan to home-school your kids.
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's a job for your parents.
You see that door? I'd love if you were on the other side of it.
Sorry, sarcasm falls out of my mouth like stupidity falls out of yours.
I will slap you so hard that even Google won't be able to find you.
Your secrets are always safe with me! I never even listen when you tell me.
Hey, your village called. They want their idiot back!
Your family tree must be a cactus because you’re all a bunch of pricks.
Why don't you check out eBay and see if they have a life for sale?
So a thought crossed your mind? That must have been a long and lonely journey for you.
How long does it take you to put makeup on your two faces every morning?
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
I thought I had the flu, but then I realized your face makes me sick to my stomach.
I would punch you, but I don’t want to improve the appearance of your face.
Poof be gone, your breath is too strong, I don't want to be mean, but you need Listerine.
Everybody knows that you're stupid, you thought you could fall in love because you saw a fake Cupid.
Don't feel bad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was as ugly as you.
I'm not trying to make fun of you, but you can't even count higher than number two.
It's not my fault, it's everyone's opinion, I'm pretty cool, and you're just a minion.
Your fashion sense is quite a mystery, did you get dressed in a state of emergency?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I thought I was ugly until I met you!
Your hairstyle, it's a work of art! If the goal was to scare, you've played your part.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star, I want to hit you with my car.
Roses are red, monsters are green, look in the mirror, you'll see what I mean.
Your sense of humor, it's a little thin, maybe it got lost in your double chin.
Your memory is a fleeting breeze, a forgotten face with such great ease.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have five fingers and the middle one is for you.
If I were a dog and you were a flower I'd lift my leg up and give you a shower.
I'm the type of person to laugh at mistakes, so sorry if I laugh at your face.
My phone battery lasts longer than your relationships.
Oh you’re talking to me, I thought you only talked behind my back.
My name must taste good because it’s always in your mouth.
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
Too bad you can’t count jumping to conclusions and running your mouth as exercise.
Is your drama going to an intermission soon?
I’m an acquired taste. If you don’t like me, acquire some taste.
If I wanted a bitch, I would have bought a dog.
My business is my business. Unless you’re a thong, get out of my ass.
It’s a shame you can’t Photoshop your personality.
I don’t sugarcoat shit. I’m not Willy Wonka.
Acting like a prick doesn’t make yours grow bigger.
The smartest thing that ever came out of your mouth was a penis.
Calm down. Take a deep breath and then hold it for about twenty minutes.
Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon, bitch!
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, I want to be there in case it needs help.
You have more faces than Mount Rushmore.
Sorry, sarcasm falls out of my mouth like bullshit falls out of yours.
Don’t mistake my silence for weakness. No one plans a murder out loud.
Yes, I am a bitch — just not yours.
I’m sorry you got offended that one time you were treated the way you treat everyone all the time.
You should wear a condom on your head. If you’re going to be a dick, you might as well dress like one.
Maybe you should eat make-up so you’ll be pretty on the inside too.
Being a bitch is a tough job but someone has to do it.
My middle finger gets a boner every time I see you.
You’re entitled to your incorrect opinion.
You’re so real. A real ass.
Whoever told you to be yourself gave you really bad advice.
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
Where’s your off button?
I didn’t change. I grew up. You should try it sometime.
I thought I had the flu, but then I realized your face makes me sick to my stomach.
The people who know me the least have the most to say.
I’m jealous of people who don’t know you.
I’m sorry that my brutal honesty inconvenienced your ego.
You sound reasonable… Time to up my medication.
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?
I’m sorry, you seem to have mistaken me with a woman who will take your shit.
I’m visualizing duck tape over your mouth.
90% of your ‘beauty’ could be removed with a Kleenex.
I suggest you do a little soul searching. You might just find one.
Some people should use a glue stick instead of chapstick.
My hair straightener is hotter than you.
I have heels higher than your standards.
I’d smack you, but that would be animal abuse.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
If you’re offended by my opinion, you should hear the ones I keep to myself.
If you’re going to be a smart ass, first you have to be smart, otherwise you’re just an ass.
Your face is fine but you will have to put a bag over that personality.
Hey, I found your nose, it’s in my business again!
I’m not an astronomer but I am pretty sure the earth revolves around the sun and not you.
I might be crazy, but crazy is better than stupid.
It’s scary to think people like you are allowed to vote.
Keep rolling your eyes. Maybe you’ll find your brain back there.
No, no. I am listening. It just takes me a moment to process so much stupid information all at once.
I’m sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit.
Everyone brings happiness to a room. I do when I enter, you do when you leave.
I’m not shy. I just don’t like you.
Your crazy is showing. You might want to tuck it back in.
I am allergic to stupidity, so I break out in sarcasm.
You’re like a plunger. You like to bring up old shit.
I am not ignoring you. I am simply giving you time to reflect on what an idiot you are being.
I hide behind sarcasm because telling you to go fuck yourself is rude in most social situations.
You’re the reason I prefer animals to people.
You’re not pretty enough to have such an ugly personality.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom manufacturer
I’d explain it to you but I left my English-to-Dumbass Dictionary at home.
You don’t like me, then fuck off. Problem solved.
I didn't know you existed until today. Now I don't feel like existing any more.
You got more d*ck in your personality than you got in your pants.